# DLEU World Cup Bracket Challenge

Build a world cup bracket challenge. This should be a website that I can deploy to github pages, that people can navigate to and build their bracket for the FIFA world cup 2026.

## Bracket Setup

The tournament consists of a group stage and a knockout stage. Here's how it should work: you should pull all the 48 teams and their group memberships from the web. First, allow users to drag teams within each group to set their ordering. Allow this to be done for each group. Underneath each group, there should be a big "Set Group \<I> Predictions" Button. Which sets the group predictions. However, you should still allow the user to modify that group. After the user specifies the group predictions, the knockout bracket and the 3rd place finishers table should start to get updated. The top 8 third place finishers get placed into the knockout rounds. There are 12 groups of 4, so the users should select the top 8/12 third place finishers with checkboxes, and then those will get updated into the knockout bracket.

Again, you should pull from the internet which teams are in each group, and which group winners, 2nd place finishers, adn top 8 3rd place teams get placed where in the final knockout bracket. Once those are set, the user should be able to select winners from the games with radioboxes to determine who moves on. Do this for every knockout game, up until the final. Once all the predictions have been made, there should be a big button at the bottom that says "Finalize Predictions". It should be grayed out until every prediction is made, and once the user has done that, then it should become live and the user can press it.

However, the user should still be able to update their predictions after the Finalize press. If the user sets a bracket, but makes a change affecting the eawrlier knockout stage, 3rd place finishers, or the group stage, then that change should affect everything. Let's say that I pick Canada to win their group and make the semis. If I change my mind, and now Canada will finish 4th and not make the knockout round, then Canada should be removed from the knockout stage, and the user should manually have to pick the new game winners. Like Canada beats England, Croatia, Sweden on the way to the semis. And now I change my mind, Switzerland wins the group and takes Canada's spot, Switzerland should replace Canada in the first knockout game (R32), but the user needs to manually pick if Switzerland beats England in the first game, and if the winner of that game beats Croatia, and so on. This is common in most bracket challenges, I'm sure you can find examples on the internet that implement this well. If in doubt, do something like that. You can use something like this as a template (https://wcculture.com/bracket/).

## Color Scheme, Style, Etc
Make the website use a dark theme, and use modern fonts and colors. Don't make it overly complicated, but I don't want a super barebones thing either. Use (https://wcculture.com/bracket/) as insipration.

## Website Functionality
Allow users to create pools. Once a user creates a pool, make them name it something and give it a password. Create a link to that pool that other people can join. Once they join a pool, they should put in a Name, Nickname, and then fill out the bracket as described above. Then, they submit it, and it's saved to the pool. They should be able to see everyone in the pool, and also be able to view and modify their own bracket. Essentially just make this (https://wcculture.com/bracket/) but I don't want people to have to sign in with their email and make an account.
